The Brazilian soccer school cup.
female
about 200 student athletes are in
Aracaju in search of victory and
dream of winning the gold trophy
competition
guaranteed infrastructure is the time of
ball rolling and rolled to the feet category
michael jackson and chanting
an event in aracaju beautiful plays and
manchetão goals show and in the field of
unit
What is the importance of this competition?
Look, the girls fight them a lot.
fight a lot
she plays on the dirt field and fields in
with little structure are the heroines
because he played on a team that did not have
no uniform and then that championship
is a national championship that covers
Girls from Brazil, then it's
very important for me is a great
conquest is getting involved
other players
it's indescribably it really is more
important than if I had played
so it really has no explanation is
one of the greatest pleasures I have
today is to watch my daughter play
what is for you to participate in this
championship is very important
First of all, let's get ready
flood training fairly precisely
for this championship will not participate
because I think he does not train there
in chapecó it is more judicial then in what
we learn and maybe your team
field in aracaju which is the reason for
Pride for these girls a
opportunity to showcase talent and
seek the fulfillment of dreams with your
dream to wear the hopscotch that the dream
It seems to be in the distant
presence of the technique of
Brazilian U-17 national team emily lima
is in aracaju with an eye on the new
talents
Your great Brazilian national dream
means the future of women's football
it's a very big pride to wear
the Brazilian national team shirt and that
It's up to you.
if you want you can get it she has
that being the greatest pride the goal
main to travel from small
I have this goal is to know the
commitment to be playing football and
want to wear yellow because only wear
no use you have to give sequence
in the career for sure if she likes
play soccer and have this dream only she
can carry out the agroceres big there goes
if god wants the street interface like her
says snow has already worn the hopscotch this
will encourage even more the Brazilian Cup
women 's football school in aracaju
brings together athletes from 12 states in
period from 8 to 14 December cdl
sports ministry a table of
success and ready women's football
I 'm just happy with the super happy victory I
I had an old enough for it
happened and with will will this
Let's get the victory said
the goal and saved was very willing
in this although all loads
Tatiana Mora always wants to conquer
indicate that this is an opportunity
too big for us satisfaction
It's very cool, the girls are doing well.
p focused even very happy with this
structure that was offered here by the
cbd is by michael jackson so be it
the girls are very determined
do your best